1.Count the number of Duplicates
Write a function that will return the count of distinct case-insensitive alphabetic characters and numeric digits that occur more
than once in the input string. The input string can be assumed to contain only alphabets (both uppercase and lowercase) and numeric digits.

2.Given an integer N, write a program that returns true if the given number is a palindrome,
else return false. Assume N > 99 and can be of any number of digits...

3. Implement strStr() not using the standard strStr function. Return the index of the
first occurrence of str1 and str2, or -1 if strl is not part of str2. (Eg: if s1 = "one",
and s2 = "tone", strStr(s1,s2) should return 1)

4.Given an array of integers nums and an integer target, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to target.
You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution, and you may not use the same element twice.
You can return the answer in any order.

5. Write a recursive algorithm to calculate the value of 2 to the power of n.

6. Perfect number is a number whose sum of all factors (not including the number, but including 1) is equal to the number itself. 
Write a program to find if the given number is a perfect number.

7. Write a function stringy that takes a size and returns a string of alternating '1 s' and 'Os'.
   the string should start with a 1. 
   a string with size 6 should return :101010'.
   with size 4 should return : '1010'.
   with size 12 should return : 101010101010'.
   The size will always be positive and will only use whole numbers.

8. Write a program for the following problem:

Given a number, find the sum of all the numbers less than that number and a multiple of either 3 or 5..
If the number is multiple of both 3 and 5 then consider only once.


-----------------------------------------------------------------


1. Write a program to sort an array of input numbers in ascending order and print.
   You have to use Bubble sort algorithm.
  (Hint: Bubble Sort is the simplest sorting algorithm that works by repeatedly swapping the adjacent elements if they are in wrong order)

2. Write a program to find the age of a person given his date of birth in dd-mm-yvyy
   format. (Eg: dob= 03-03-1976, current-date = 22-10-2021, => age = 45)

3. Write a program that prints the next 20 leap years.

4. Write a program to print a square with "*"s for a given length of the side of the square.

5. Given a string s consisting of some words separated by some number of spaces, return the length of the last word in the string. A word is a maximal substring consisting of non-space characters only.
   Example 1: Input: s = "Hello World" Output: 5 Explanation: The last word is "World" with length 5.
   Example 2: Input:s =" fly me to the moon " Output: 4 Explanation: The last word is "moon" with length 4.
   Example 3: Input: s = "luffy is still joyboy" Output: 6 Explanation: The last word is "joyboy* with length 6.

6. Given an array of integers nums and an integer target N, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to N.

7. Write a recursive algorithm to calculate the value of 2 to the power of n.

8. Perfect number is a number whose sum of all factors (not including the number, but including 1) is equal to the number itself. 
   Write a program to find if the given number is a perfect number.